what's going on everyone interval Willis
I'm back I actually spent a few hours on
my Minecraft world today and wow I
started this video at the perfect time
Suns coming up over here man that is so
beautiful I love the way it looks when
the sun's coming up there's you know the
moon's going down over on this side the
Sun sun's coming up over on this side
and just looks really really cool but
anyways we're over here behind the
parkour arena you know I just kind of
dropped what I was doing over there
because every time I try to do any type
of work on it I just get extremely bored
and I want to just put my controller
down turn my xbox off and well I can't
be having that I I'm trying to find the
fun in minecraft again and honestly I
kind of mix it up I got to do something
new because you know my youtube channel
I Phil's at a standstill
I when I first started it I went to 35
subscribers pretty fast and you know it
was always giving me motivation to keep
building and you know build the best
stuff I possibly could and yeah it's
just how to stand still it's you know
man every time I come home I check it
and you know I haven't gained you know
any subscribers you know and if I have
it's it's only one or two and it kind of
makes me sad so I'm gonna freshen it up
I'm gonna do something new I was kind of
thinking of maybe live-streaming I've
been wanting to do that for quite some
time
I just gotta I gotta know that there's
people out there that will actually
watch me because I don't want to be
live-streaming and nobody watch me or
you know only one or two people watch me
you know if so if you're interested if
you want to see me build some really
cool stuff leave it down in the comments
below you know give me some motivation
just say you know yeah heck we'll watch
yeah yeah that's all I need and then
yeah I'll do that
another thing that I was thinking of
doing is maybe getting some of you all
in here and building something really
really cool maybe getting eight of my
subscribers in here and we'll we'll make
some plans to build something and I'll
record it all posted all up on my
channel so if you're interested in that
hit me up send me a message and we'll
get that started other than that I
wanted to show you what I've worked on
today we're over here behind the parkour
arena and I thought this was really cool
I just noticed this you can see the very
first house that I ever built that was
the first thing that was ever in this
world and honestly it's nothing really
amazing but I kind of you know it's kind
of got sentimental value because it was
it was the very first thing and I really
liked it so and it's got some a frame
house that I built in behind it that's
actually on a little island that's over
there and way off in the distance is my
lighthouse which is really I mean it's
one of my favorite things that I've ever
built it looks really cool it looks
amazing when it's dark I don't really
get to see that much anymore because
I've been working so much over here with
the casino and the parkour arena and the
storage facility and the theater I mean
it's been weeks since I've been over
that way I really need to take a hike
over there and just just check
everything out but anyways I cleared
this massive area that's actually not
massive it's going to be massive once I
you know any clearing it out but I
started and I got a good portion of it I
cleared out this is actually where the
bowling alleys gonna go I need to go
back that way just a little bit more I
sold this island out through here and I
thought it would be really cool to make
some sort of bridge so I did spend a
good portion of my time over here on
this bridge you know I wasn't trying to
make it look amazing I just wanted to
look you know okay you know I might make
some changes to it and eventually you
know make it look a lot better but this
is just you know something that I put
together really really fast and I think
it turned out pretty good but uh anyways
I just needed a way to fast travel you
know I don't want to have to make a boat
to get over here to the island or swim
or anything so I made this this bridge
here and I was thinking about maybe
putting it up the lighthouse over here I
was kind of wanting to make a revolving
lighthouse
that's something
I wanted to do for quite some time I
just couldn't find a good place to put
it and I can't I'm kinda iffy about
putting it here as well because well the
other white house is right over that way
I mean you can't see it you can't tell
that it's there so I think it might be
all right but yeah I think that I think
I said I'm going to put here I'm waiting
on you know actually recording me
actually building it or I might you know
just do what I've been doing and build
it and then just make a video about it
but I mean I really really want to find
a way to to where I can put out videos
more often but make them more
entertaining and I don't know when I
build a lot of us just clearing out and
doing all that stuff but maybe I will in
between episodes like I'll do all my
clearing get all my supplies ready and
then I'll just make the video of me
actually building I don't know that's
just an idea if if you have a suggestion
of what to do or what you'd like to see
drop it in the comments because I would
love to hear your thoughts as something
that I thought was really cool today too
I have searched everywhere absolutely
everywhere on my world well except here
I guess but uh looking for a snow area
because I've really really been wanting
to get some of that dark wood just kind
of mix it up and I could not find any
snow area I thought it didn't exist in
this world and then I come over here and
look there's this one patch of snow you
move on a little farther and when I
let's get down here go down a little
farther there's a few more patches over
here and then there's actually some ice
over here but honestly I think this is
the end of my world I need to get a map
I need to get a boat so you can see some
ice off that way too and travel out
there see if there's anything out there
because man I would give anything to
have some dark wood there was actually a
couple trees over here that I chopped
down but
being you know the light wood the wood
that I got a ton of already and I'm not
sure if it works but I need to get some
saplings and maybe I could plant it
right there and I don't know it probably
wouldn't work but maybe it would grow
into some dark wood and then I could
just grab the sapling and we just keep
doing that and end up with a bunch of it
but i seriously doubt that's gonna work
if anybody knows please let me know well
you probably don't have to do that
because i'm gonna do that right after
this video because i am dying to find
out but anyways i thought that was
really cool my world is filled with just
forest and in desert and then over here
on the very edge of my world it's got
this little tiny portion of this little
snow areas how that's the first time i
ever seen snow in my world that is
incredible anyways guys if you like my
ideas if you'd like to see me live
stream if you're interested in getting
in here and helping me build something
and will record it and i'll post it up
on my channel be sure to hit that
subscribe button send me a message on
xbox live and we will get that started
other than that thank you so much to
take the time out of your day to come
view this video and if you could leave
it a like rating or dislike writing you
know whatever you think and yeah have a
good day